Native AppStreams documentation (#2974)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Add AppStream section to client configuration guide
> - Add reference guide for Systems > Software > AppStreams
> - Remove warning about limited AppStream support

Reviewer: I think we again are in favor of past tense here.
```suggestion
- Added AppStream section to client configuration guide
- Added reference guide for Systems > Software > AppStreams
- Removed warning about limited AppStream support
```
